Things I learned about today:
I started my course in machine learning, and learned about the two segments of machine learning, supervised and unsupervised learning.

Supervised learning is when you have a set of data that you know the answer to, and you want to find a way to predict the answer to new data. Some main types of supervised learning are classification and regression. Classification is when the target variable is a category, and regression is when the target variable is a number. For example when given data on the different characterisitics of a cancer cell, we would use classification in order to classify the cell into a certain predetermined catergory. However for regression, we are not classifying our end result into a category, but rather we are returning a number, of which infinite options are avaolable. When finding a correlation between square footage, location, and price of a house, we would use a regression to find the price that correlates to the square footage and location provided. It is not returning a category of how expensive it is, but instead speciifc numbers that represents the price of the house.

Unsupervised learning is when you have a set of data that you don't know prelabel and have determined outputs in your dataset, and you want to find a way to group the data. Some main types of unsupervised learning are clustering, dimensionality reduction, and anomaly detection. Clustering is when you take your inputs, and determine which inputs are most closely linked. For example, when we get suggestions for similar news stories, the suggestions are located in the same cluster that our unsupervised learning algorithm found for us. Dimensionality reduction is when you take a very large set of data, and reduce its dimension to make a much smaller, more manageable set of data, without losing much (if any) of the data's macroinformtaion. An example of this would be when you have a set of data that has 1000 different features, and you want to reduce it to 10 features. Anomaly detection is when you have a set of data, and you want to find the data that is most different from the rest of the data. For example, when you are trying to find credit card fraud, you would use anomaly detection to find the credit card transactions that are most different from the rest of the transactions.

Starting to learn about Linear Regressions- Regression models predicts numbers
(Fitting a straight line to a data set, and using that line to predict future values)
